(GH-1549) Add private "metadata" to plans (#2441)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/writing_plans.md

/Users/bolt/.puppetlabs/bolt
```

## Making plans private

You can hide plans from `bolt plan show` and `Get-BoltPlan` output by specifying the `# @private
true` Puppet strings tag. Private plans are still viewable with `bolt plan show <plan_name>` and

> `Get-BoltPlan -Name <plan_name>`, and can still be run with Bolt.

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add a "why" here. Why would I want to hide the plan from show output?

/Users/bolt/.puppetlabs/bolt
```

## Making plans private

> As a plan author, you may no want users to run your plan directly or know it exists. This is useful

Author: Ugh I know this misspelled but I don't have the heart to change it rn I will tomorrow.
```suggestion
As a plan author, you may not want users to run your plan directly or know it exists. This is useful
```

/Users/bolt/.puppetlabs/bolt
```

## Making plans private

As a plan author, you may not want users to run your plan directly or know it exists. This is useful
for plans that are used by other plans 'under the hood', but aren't designed to be run by a human.
You can hide plans from `bolt plan show` and `Get-BoltPlan` output by specifying the `# @private
true` Puppet strings tag. Private plans are still viewable with `bolt plan show <plan_name>` and
`Get-BoltPlan -Name <plan_name>`, and can still be run with Bolt.

```
# This plan isn't shown in plan list output
# @private true
# @param targets The list of targets to run the command on.
plan single_command (
  TargetSpec $targets,
) {
  run_command("echo 'Strawberry rhubarb pie sounds so good right now'", $targets)
}
```

> The `private` metadata is cached in the Bolt project. The cache is updated whenever plans in the
> current Bolt project or the `<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/modules/` directory are updated, when modules are
> installed using any Bolt command that installs modules, or when Puppet types are generated using a
> generate types command. This means that plans that are manually edited and are not in the
> `<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/plans/` directory or `<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/modules/` path may not pick up manual
> edits to metadata, which will affect the output of `bolt plan show` and `Get-BoltPlan`. You can
> clear the cache by removing `<PROJECT DIRECTORY/.plan_cache.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `private` metadata is cached in your Bolt project. Bolt updates the cache:
- When you update plans in the current Bolt project.
- When you update modules in the `<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/modules/` directory.
- When you install modules using a Bolt command that installs modules.
- When you generate Puppet types using a `generate` command. 

If you manually edit a plan that is located outside of the
`<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/plans/` directory or `<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/modules/` path, Bolt might not pick up manual
edits to metadata. If your plan still appears in the output of `bolt plan show`
and `Get-BoltPlan`, clear the metadata cache by removing `<PROJECT DIRECTORY/.plan_cache.json`.
```
